CloudFront is now in between our origin and those
who are requesting our content.
It's doing the heavy lifting of moving our content as close as
possible to wherever those requesters might be.
It's helping secure our content in transit, and it's making it more resilient.
Sounds pretty good, right?
Well, we can leverage CloudFront to do even more.
CloudFront can assist us with error handling by presenting
and caching errors in a user‑friendly way,
ensuring that even during a production incident, we can
maintain the desired user experience.
CloudFront can provide us with a few ways to limit access to our content.
This can be done through many methods such as geo‑specific
restrictions or by signing URLs to private content.
It can restrict access to S3 origins, allow for WAF rules, or even
field‑level encryption to protect sensitive data.
Since CloudFront's infrastructure already puts our content as close to
our visitors as possible, we can also run compute from the edge
locations to perform tasks as quickly as possible.
Let's go through each one of these elements to understand how
we can further extend CloudFront to enhance the delivery of our web content even further.